# Chatbot_Prototyping_Tool

This tool is the research outcome of my Master's Dissertation.

Many large companies have shown tremendous interest in chatbot development and its use lately. With most of the tech giants providing their own platforms of development, many developers have jumped into developing a plethora of chatbots. However, studies have reported that most of the chatbots have caused displeasure to many survey participants. The design procedure of chatbots or CUIs in general thus still remains a bit unclear and thus is an area which needs significant research. To enhance such a research space which studies how design characters impact user experience, we need good tools which let researchers prototype chatbots quickly. Existing chatbot prototyping tools get too bulky with loads of features and thus are difficult to adopt. Also, most of them don’t facilitate easy integration to other platforms and thus negatively affect the overall user experience. The scope of this research was to study the requirements and expectations which chatbot users have had. This in turn helped us explore the design of an NLP enabled chatbot prototyping tool. The research outcomes helped us develop a chatbot prototyping tool that helps researchers prototype chatbots with ease. The prototypes created can be integrated to any experiment workflow. The easy integration will let users interact with the chatbots in the same survey setup (e.g. Qualtrics) without having to move to another platform. We evaluated the tool developed for various scenarios and domains which have majorly seen the use of chatbots and were able to successfully create sample conversation in these domains.


A demo of this tool can be found here: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1lrQ-Z-tNpsnXtevgoNyxm4WnaoWzqeAJ/view?usp=sharing 
